Indicate Docker Engine availability / existence in the Local Connection row (#2803)
confluentinc/vscode: CHANGELOG.md

- The Flink Artifacts / Flink UDFs view is now searchable.

### Changed

> - The Local row in the Resources view now better describes the user's Docker Engine state in its
>   state and tooltip, and the "play" button call-to-action will not be offerred if Docker Engine is
>   not detected.

Reviewer: Minor update for clarity:
```suggestion
- The Local row in the Resources view now better describes the user's Docker Engine availability in its
  description and tooltip, and the "Start Local Resources" action will not be offered if the extension cannot ping the local Docker Engine.
```
